This program calculates the Hartree Fock energy of a molecular system in a certain atomic basis from information that is specified by the user.
This program works by calculating the core Hamiltonian matrix from the one electron integrals. This matrix is diagonalised, and the results are used to make the density matrix.
Then the program enters the SCF cycle, here the core Hamiltonian, density matrix, and the two electron integrals are used to create the Fock matrix. This is diagonalised to make the density matrix. Then the energy is calculated. If the density matrix and energy have converged, the SCF cycle ends. Once the cycle has converged or the max cycles have been reached, the program writes the results to a file.

NOTE: MP2 implementation uses the ao_integrals (chemist notation) to calculate the MO integrals. This can be done by using the physicist notation or the chemist notation. If we use the chemist notation for the MO integrals, the energy correction becomes positive (~0.0436 for H2 with optimal_H2 basis), which it should not be for this system. By using the physicist notation, the energy correction is ~-0.0177 for the same system. This value is quite large and results in the total energy (HF + nuc + MP2) being significantly lower than the database reference (STO-3G). I believe that the difference come from the difference in the basis sets and I will assume that my energy correction is correct. 

Description of the modules:
  input_handeling.F90:
This modules has two (public) subroutines. The goal of this module is to get the input files and other data from the user, process them and send the data to the main program.
The module reads the coordinates and charge of all the atoms from a file and turns it into a molecule_structure_t-type. Using the charge of the system and of all the atoms, the module determines the number of occupied orbitals. From another file, the information regarding the basis is read and turned into a basis_set_info_t-type.
The module also read the maximum number of SCF cycles and the user-designated output file.
To see an example of these input files, look at the .README.txt files in the "basis" and "molecules" folders.

  fock_implementation.F90:
This module has two subroutines and two functions. This module contains the code required for the Fock matrix implementation.
subroutine fock_matrix creates the Fock matrix.
subroutine density_matrix creates the density matrix.
function convergence_check compared the current SCF cycle with the last and returns true if the energy and density have converged.
function nuclear_repulsion_energy calculates and returns the nuclear repulsion energy of a molecule.

  output.F90:
This module contains one subroutine that write all the results to a file (that the user gave in a prompt).

  derivedtypes.F90
This module contains three derived types, these exist to group similar data together (for later use). 
type calculation_preset contains logicals that are true if the setting is turned on. For instance, if the user wants include MP2 correction, then the logical is set to true.
type energy_type groups all the energies together. This includes: nuclear repulsion energy, final HF electronic energy, second last HF electronic energy, all electronic energies from the SCF cycles.
type atomic_orbital contains arrays the angular momenta with their exponents for each defined atom in the basis. This type exists to make adding an atomic orbital to the basis easier.

  MP2_implementation.F90
This module calculates the MP2 (correlation) energy. This is done by summing over all possible double exitations from filled orbital, i and j, to empty orbitals, a and b, and calculating the energy using a formula. For this formula, there are two ways to write it, chemist notation and physicist notation (see note above for more detail). In both formulas, we need the MO integrals, which are computed from the AO integrals in a separate function. 


Example input with the H2 molecule:
First "make" the program in the terminal and then run it with "./myapp"

The program will prompt you three times
For the molecule file path  -> molecules/H2.txt
For the basis file path -> basis/optimal_H2.txt
For MP2 correlation energy -> y/n  
For the output file path -> output.txt

The program will run and the results are written to the output.txt file

In the "molecules" and" basis" folders there are some other txt files that you can use to test the program.
